oh my god this early that's so early
you're probably thinking two things well
Sarah what's with your face well I don't
have makeup on I daily look now and I
don't wear full faces of makeup every
day so you're gonna get no makeup Sarah
sometimes the good thing is you feel
like wow you're wearing that hat again I
think this hat is officially a part of
my aesthetic I'm moving aesthetic the I
don't want to do my hairs I'm gonna
throw on my hat aesthetic so I have fun
looking at this hat for the next few
days
my favorite person is here its Cheney
guys Jeannie mom payoffs complete chaos
I've been living in my friend's room in
Nashville half my stuff's there half my
stuff isn't storage
if I were ever to get murdered it would
be in here so freakin creepy
now time to move all this down below the
u-haul guy can pick it up alright guys
this is my last my last ride and my
Honda Element I love you dribble I'm so
sad right now my last Drive guys Darrell
Darrell is gone the best car my all-time
favorite car probably so many memories
in that Honda Element that boxcar I used
to load up all of my band's gear drive
to deep LM play shows we would pack up
the drums pack up the guitar gear that
amps the pedals road trips to music
festivals like Austin City Limits just
so many great memories in that car but
don't need a car in New York so I guess
it's time to move on
time to do some mail so I'm officially
moving to New York City tomorrow I'm
getting on the plane move New York City
so I had to close down my Tennessee p.o
box but let's do some hashtag mail
Monday on a non Monday what day is it
it's a Tuesday I was so close I'm pretty
excited about this one it says Jets
Pizza yo thanks for the good cards this
is amazing i I seriously I'm obsessed
with Jets pizza it's amazing
Heather thank you so much for this I
love I love the life is short eat better
pizza that's should be it should be
everyone's life Maura
Orla motto life is short eat pizza
Heather thank you so much this is from
create Franklin they're a really cool
organization that puts on like talks and
stuff for our high school students and I
gave a talk a couple months back it was
so much fun to hang out with the people
they hooked it up with a Starbucks gift
card guys thank you
Thanks create Franklin hey Sarah thought
you might like another pin for your
collection really enjoying your content
especially creative spaces good luck for
your stint with Adobe Claire
this card is awesome pen is adorable
Thank You Clara I gotta start finding
something to put all these cool pins on
I was thinking maybe like my backpack or
like my jean jacket I don't know what do
you guys think do you think a jean
jacket with pins on it is cooler or like
my casual hanging out laptop bags her do
you not care that is really something I
don't know why I'm asking you what your
opinion is on it I am just the worst
letter opener there ever was well Zack
pad dick blogs guess me a lot of good
questions
what starting out how do you find the
motivation to keep uploading knowing
that nobody would see your videos and
also what would you suggest I do to get
content out when your editor isn't
available because your computer isn't
working or whatever I mean this is gonna
sound so generic but if you're doing
something you truly love and you totally
believe it like the people will come and
that that will that will keep you
motivated I remember when I was doing
some of my travel films I was also doing
a lot of camera reviews and unboxings at
that time and so I had a lot of content
that people were just naturally
gravitating towards and because they
were searching out these things so
people found my channel through those
things but then I would like link up my
travel videos from those videos and so
naturally just I had some people
sprinkling over two more of the videos
that I cared about like my travel videos
and then you know the Koreas faces TV
films that I did I was doing it on
another person so of course they shared
it a lot and so I I don't know I just I
found every way I could to share the
content that I care about and that I
love and I care for you know there's
this time when I was spinning so much so
much of my time and effort on these
creative spaces TV films and they would
like top out around like a thousand
views and I just believe that they
deserve so many more eyes but it was
just something that I believed in
something
that I knew more people we're gonna
watch one day and I just have faith and
I kept hustling kept working hard kept
jabbing kept putting out content that
people search for so they would find me
and yeah the people eventually came then
for the editing thing if you don't have
something that you can edit on it maybe
play around with a unique vlogging
format of like a one-take what can you
do in one take with your iPhone and then
upload to YouTube a lot of the vlog is
heated a are you know they're edited
well they're edited with final cut or a
premiere or something like that people
like to look at limitations like they're
bad things but often they will push you
to do something more creative so maybe
find that space like what can you do
that is like a vlogging format because
you said you love to vlog but what can
you do that's unique that is maybe like
in one take so all you have to do is
upload it straight to YouTube
I don't know but good talking thanks for
sending me the letters back can this be
on mail Mondays slash Tuesday video you
guys know me so well look at me doing a
mail Monday on a Tuesday and on
Wednesday since you're seeing this on a
Wednesday I'm all over the place it's
like a picture of me on this cool like
wouldn't something I'm gonna give this
to my mom thank you
snapchat Marvin L six seven eight or
Marvin one six seven eight Marvin L I
feel like it would be Marvin l that was
fun thank you so much for sending me
stuff I will get a new PA box and NYC
sometime in the next couple months thank
you so much thank you for watching today
I'm slightly anxious because tomorrow
I'm getting on a plane to officially
move to New York City it's gonna be it's
gonna be a fun month guys I'm figuring
out where I'm gonna live what I'm just
like New York life what you know what is
that gonna be like I don't know but I'm
excited I will see you guys tomorrow
stay peachy okay bye the Hilton parking
garage
a pretty piece of view a lot of palm
trees I love it out here zoom in Iran